# D1

## Create D1 Database

**POST** `/accounts/{account_id}/d1/database`

Returns the created D1 database.


## List D1 Databases

**GET** `/accounts/{account_id}/d1/database`

Returns a list of D1 databases.


## Update D1 Database

**PUT** `/accounts/{account_id}/d1/database/{database_id}`

Updates the specified D1 database.


## Update D1 Database partially

**PATCH** `/accounts/{account_id}/d1/database/{database_id}`

Updates partially the specified D1 database.


## Get D1 Database

**GET** `/accounts/{account_id}/d1/database/{database_id}`

Returns the specified D1 database.


## Delete D1 Database

**DELETE** `/accounts/{account_id}/d1/database/{database_id}`

Deletes the specified D1 database.


## Export D1 Database as SQL

**POST** `/accounts/{account_id}/d1/database/{database_id}/export`

Returns a URL where the SQL contents of your D1 can be downloaded. Note: this process may take
some time for larger DBs, during which your D1 will be unavailable to serve queries. To avoid
blocking your DB unnecessarily, an in-progress export must be continually polled or will automatically cancel.



## Import SQL into your D1 Database

**POST** `/accounts/{account_id}/d1/database/{database_id}/import`

Generates a temporary URL for uploading an SQL file to, then instructing the D1 to import it
and polling it for status updates. Imports block the D1 for their duration.



## Query D1 Database

**POST** `/accounts/{account_id}/d1/database/{database_id}/query`

Returns the query result as an object.


## Raw D1 Database query

**POST** `/accounts/{account_id}/d1/database/{database_id}/raw`

Returns the query result rows as arrays rather than objects. This is a performance-optimized version of the /query endpoint.


## Get D1 database bookmark

**GET** `/accounts/{account_id}/d1/database/{database_id}/time_travel/bookmark`

Retrieves the current bookmark, or the nearest bookmark at or before a provided timestamp.
Bookmarks can be used with the restore endpoint to revert the database to a previous point in time.



## Restore D1 Database to a bookmark or point in time

**POST** `/accounts/{account_id}/d1/database/{database_id}/time_travel/restore`

Restores a D1 database to a previous point in time either via a bookmark or a timestamp.


