# Radar HTTP

## Get HTTP requests by bot class summary

**GET** `/radar/http/summary/bot_class`

Retrieves the distribution of bot-generated HTTP requests to genuine human traffic, as classified by Cloudflare. Visit https://developers.cloudflare.com/radar/concepts/bot-classes/ for more information.


## Get HTTP requests by device type summary

**GET** `/radar/http/summary/device_type`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests generated by mobile, desktop, and other types of devices.


## Get HTTP requests by HTTP/HTTPS summary

**GET** `/radar/http/summary/http_protocol`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests by HTTP protocol (HTTP vs. HTTPS).


## Get HTTP requests by HTTP version summary

**GET** `/radar/http/summary/http_version`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests by HTTP version.


## Get HTTP requests by IP version summary

**GET** `/radar/http/summary/ip_version`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests by IP version.


## Get HTTP requests by OS summary

**GET** `/radar/http/summary/os`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests by operating system (Windows, macOS, Android, iOS, and others).


## Get HTTP requests by post-quantum support summary

**GET** `/radar/http/summary/post_quantum`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests by post-quantum support.


## Get HTTP requests by TLS version summary

**GET** `/radar/http/summary/tls_version`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests by TLS version.


## Get HTTP requests summary by dimension

**GET** `/radar/http/summary/{dimension}`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests by the specified dimension.


## Get HTTP requests time series

**GET** `/radar/http/timeseries`

Retrieves the HTTP requests over time.


## Get HTTP requests by bot class time series

**GET** `/radar/http/timeseries_groups/bot_class`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests classified as automated or human over time. Visit https://developers.cloudflare.com/radar/concepts/bot-classes/ for more information.


## Get HTTP requests by user agent time series

**GET** `/radar/http/timeseries_groups/browser`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests by user agent over time.


## Get HTTP requests by user agent family time series

**GET** `/radar/http/timeseries_groups/browser_family`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests by user agent family over time.


## Get HTTP requests by device type time series

**GET** `/radar/http/timeseries_groups/device_type`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests by device type over time.


## Get HTTP requests by HTTP/HTTPS time series

**GET** `/radar/http/timeseries_groups/http_protocol`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests by HTTP protocol (HTTP vs. HTTPS) over time.


## Get HTTP requests by HTTP version time series

**GET** `/radar/http/timeseries_groups/http_version`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests by HTTP version over time.


## Get HTTP requests by IP version time series

**GET** `/radar/http/timeseries_groups/ip_version`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests by IP version over time.


## Get HTTP requests by OS time series

**GET** `/radar/http/timeseries_groups/os`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests by operating system over time.


## Get HTTP requests by post-quantum support time series

**GET** `/radar/http/timeseries_groups/post_quantum`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests by post-quantum support over time.


## Get HTTP requests by TLS version time series

**GET** `/radar/http/timeseries_groups/tls_version`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests by TLS version over time.


## Get HTTP requests time series grouped by dimension

**GET** `/radar/http/timeseries_groups/{dimension}`

Retrieves the distribution of HTTP requests grouped by dimension.


## Get top ASes by HTTP requests

**GET** `/radar/http/top/ases`

Retrieves the top autonomous systems by HTTP requests.


## Get top ASes by HTTP requests for a bot class

**GET** `/radar/http/top/ases/bot_class/{bot_class}`

Retrieves the top autonomous systems, by HTTP requests, of the requested bot class.


## Get top ASes by HTTP requests for a browser family

**GET** `/radar/http/top/ases/browser_family/{browser_family}`

Retrieves the top autonomous systems, by HTTP requests, of the requested browser family.


## Get top ASes by HTTP requests for a device type

**GET** `/radar/http/top/ases/device_type/{device_type}`

Retrieves the top autonomous systems, by HTTP requests, of the requested device type.


## Get top ASes by HTTP requests for an HTTP protocol

**GET** `/radar/http/top/ases/http_protocol/{http_protocol}`

Retrieves the top autonomous systems, by HTTP requests, of the requested HTTP protocol.


## Get top ASes by HTTP requests for an HTTP version

**GET** `/radar/http/top/ases/http_version/{http_version}`

Retrieves the top autonomous systems, by HTTP requests, of the requested HTTP version.


## Get top ASes by HTTP requests for an IP version

**GET** `/radar/http/top/ases/ip_version/{ip_version}`

Retrieves the top autonomous systems, by HTTP requests, of the requested IP version.


## Get top ASes by HTTP requests for an OS

**GET** `/radar/http/top/ases/os/{os}`

Retrieves the top autonomous systems, by HTTP requests, of the requested operating system.


## Get top ASes by HTTP requests for a TLS version

**GET** `/radar/http/top/ases/tls_version/{tls_version}`

Retrieves the top autonomous systems, by HTTP requests, of the requested TLS protocol version.


## Get top user agents by HTTP requests

**GET** `/radar/http/top/browser`

Retrieves the top user agents by HTTP requests.


## Get top user agent families by HTTP requests

**GET** `/radar/http/top/browser_family`

Retrieves the top user agents, aggregated in families, by HTTP requests.


## Get top locations by HTTP requests

**GET** `/radar/http/top/locations`

Retrieves the top locations by HTTP requests.


## Get top locations by HTTP requests for a bot class

**GET** `/radar/http/top/locations/bot_class/{bot_class}`

Retrieves the top locations, by HTTP requests, of the requested bot class.


## Get top locations by HTTP requests for a browser family

**GET** `/radar/http/top/locations/browser_family/{browser_family}`

Retrieves the top locations, by HTTP requests, of the requested browser family.


## Get top locations by HTTP requests for a device type

**GET** `/radar/http/top/locations/device_type/{device_type}`

Retrieves the top locations, by HTTP requests, of the requested device type.


## Get top locations by HTTP requests for an HTTP protocol

**GET** `/radar/http/top/locations/http_protocol/{http_protocol}`

Retrieves the top locations, by HTTP requests, of the requested HTTP protocol.


## Get top locations by HTTP requests for an HTTP version

**GET** `/radar/http/top/locations/http_version/{http_version}`

Retrieves the top locations, by HTTP requests, of the requested HTTP version.


## Get top locations by HTTP requests for an IP version

**GET** `/radar/http/top/locations/ip_version/{ip_version}`

Retrieves the top locations, by HTTP requests, of the requested IP version.


## Get top locations by HTTP requests for an OS

**GET** `/radar/http/top/locations/os/{os}`

Retrieves the top locations, by HTTP requests, of the requested operating system.


## Get top locations by HTTP requests for a TLS version

**GET** `/radar/http/top/locations/tls_version/{tls_version}`

Retrieves the top locations, by HTTP requests, of the requested TLS protocol version.

